Microsoft-graph-toolkit v1.1 documentation update (#6425)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/get.md

---
title: "Get component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit"
description: "A Get component allows you to make any GET query from Microsoft Graph directly in your HTML."
localization_priority: Normal
author: nmetulev
---

> # Login component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit

Reviewer: Title is wrong - should be get component

Author: Whoops sorry... Here's the updated title:
https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/6425/files#diff-8912736507b3669239468443fb54bf44R8

`mgt-get` allows you to make any GET query from Microsoft Graph directly in your HTML. The component does not provide a default UI and requires the developer to write a template.

#### Example

```html
<mgt-get resource="/me/messages" version="beta" scopes="mail.read" max-pages="2">
  <template>
    emails: {{value.length}}
  </template>
  <template data-type="loading">
    loading
  </template>
</mgt-get>
```

#### Properties and Attributes

The only required attribute is `resource`. However, you can use several properties to change the behavior.

> | Property | Attribute | Description |

Reviewer: Can you swap property and attribute so attributes are first (also for all the other docs)?

Author: Updated following components for swapping properties and attributes:

+GET
+Agenda
+Login
+People-picker
+people
+Person
+tasks

Reviewer: person still needs to be updated

| --- | --- | --- |
| `resource` | `resource` | The resource to get from Microsoft Graph (ex: `/me`) |
| `scopes` | `scopes` | Optional array of strings if using the property or a comma delimited scopes if using the attribute. The component will use these scopes (with a supported provider) to ensure the user has  consented to the right permission |
| `version` | `version` | Optional API version to use when making the GET request. Default is `v1.0`.  |
| `maxPages` | `max-pages` | Optional number of pages (for resources that support paging). Default is 3. Setting this value to 0 will GET all pages  |

> | `response` | N/A | The raw response from Microsoft Graph  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `response` | N/A | Read only response from Microsoft Graph if the request was successful  |
```

Author: fixed in latest commit:
https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/6425/commits/9e2abbf77c2786ec7c6fb4ba6f13f114329f0a43

> | `error` | N/A | The raw error from Microsoft Graph  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error` | N/A | Read only error from Microsoft Graph if the request was not successful |
```

Author: fixed in latest commit: https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/6425/commits/9e2abbf77c2786ec7c6fb4ba6f13f114329f0a43

#### Events
| Event | Detail | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `dataChange` | The detail contains the `response` and `error` objects | Fired when the response or error change |

#### Templates

The `mgt-get` component supports several [templates](../templates.md) that you can use to define the look and feel. To specify a template, include a `<template>` element inside a component and set the `data-type` value to one of the following.

| Data type | Data context | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `default` | a raw response from Microsoft Graph | The default template is required to render the data coming from Microsoft Graph  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default` | the response from Microsoft Graph | The default template is required to render the data coming from Microsoft Graph  |
```

Author: fixed in latest commit: fixed in latest commit: https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/6425/commits/9e2abbf77c2786ec7c6fb4ba6f13f114329f0a43

> | `error` | the raw error from Microsoft Graph | This template will be used if there is an error making the request |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error` | the error from Microsoft Graph | This template will be used if there is an error making the request |
```

Author: (updated)[https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/6425/files#diff-8912736507b3669239468443fb54bf44R50]

| `loading` | N/A | This template is used while the request is being made |

## Microsoft Graph permissions

This control will require Microsoft Graph APIs and permissions based on the `resource` given.

> Example:

Reviewer: Remove example, and simply link to the permission reference in the docs: https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/permissions-reference
